PETER: Previously on Heroes.
There's just
a lot of change
going on with me.
Really?
Yeah.
It's like when I look
back on my life,
itjust seems
like it's not my life
I'm looking back on.
It's a midlife crisis.
That's all this is.
Pete, it's me again.
I've left you three messages.
You need to call me.
Something’s
happening to me,
and / think you’re
the only person who’s going
to understand what it is.
MR. BENNET: For years,
I put my job ahead of
my family,
and I'm eating cereal
for dinner and a strange man
is answering my wife's phone.
That's no way to live.
So, what'd we win?
PETER: A compass?
A broken compass.
(PANTING)
You can never
change the past.
It's bad.
If you wanna
change one thing,
that's all you do.
(HIRO SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
What if I could make it
so that Danko wasn't
interested in you anymore?
Why do you want
to do this for me?
Maybe we're both
looking for redemption.
TRACY: / want
my old life back.
/ go back to
my app/e martinis
and overpaid lobbyists.
Excuse me.
Tracy? Is that you?
Hello, Governor.
I'm back.
(KIMIKO SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(PHONE RINGING)
(MAN SPEAKING JAPANESE
ON PHONE)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(GASPS)
(CHUCKLES)
(LAUGHS)
Nathan.
Mom?
What brings you to DC?
Are you cleaning out
the garage?
Yes, as a matter of fact.
Here. Come, look.
Just what the doctor ordered,
a trip down memory lane.
Last we spoke,
you said something about
looking back on your life
and it feeling
like someone else's.
Well, Nathan,
this is your life.
Gee, Mom,
you didn't really
have to do that.
Yeah, I don't recognize
any of this stuff.
Well, of course,
you do. Come on.
Pick something up.
Ma, really, I...
Here.
Used to be
your favorite toy.
(IMITATING PLANE
ENGINE WHIRRING)
(IMITATING GUNSHOTS)
Uncle Tim bought
this for me
when we took that trip
up the coast.
l was in
the back seat
of the car.
That's when you decided
you wanted to be
a fighter pilot.
You remember?
Yeah.
I remember it like
it was yesterday.
Literally.
Is there something
wrong, Nathan?
No. Everything's fine.
Come on.
What happened to you?
I mean, it feels like
you fell off the face
of the Earth.
It was family.
It was a family crisis.
It was complicated
and dramatic,
and it's behind me.
So, you're back.
I'm back.
And I'm looking
for work.
Not anymore, you're not.
I can use you
back in New York.
That is,
if you're willing
to come work for me.
(LAUGHS) I'd be a fool
to turn it down.
Terrific.
So, what's going on?
I could use your help
to ease some legislation
through the minefields.
You know,
cut a few corners,
charm a few regulators.
It's right up
your alley, Trace.
Right, baby?
Not a problem, Governor.
Have dinner with me.
Tonight.
We can discuss
the particulars.
(LAUGHS)
So happy to have
my Tiger Lady back.
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Peter?
Hey, Noah.
You got a minute?
Sure. Come on in.
I thought you wanted
nothing to do with me.
I need to
show you something.
That's a very nice arm.
No... There was a tattoo.
Right here.
lnoﬂcedit
last night...
A mystery tattoo?
No. It was a compass.
Just like the one
that you pulled out
of the safe-deposit box.
A mystery
compass tattoo?
I know where
you're going, Noah, and
I'm not seeing things.
It was there.
I thought
you'd help me...
I don't know.
What are we going to do,
though, Peter?
Seriously? Are we
gonna go on the road
in search for this speedy guy
with the knives and uncover
some giant conspiracy?
Not particularly.
You wanna get
cut up again?
No. I don't.
That's why
I'm telling you
I'm not up for it.
That's all.
Got it.
So, what am I
doing here?
Sorry to bother you, Noah.
No problem.
Not at all. Anytime.
Claire?
What are you doing here?
I had to ask your dad
a question,
just something
to clear my head up,
but we're good.
I gotta go.
I got to be at work
in 10 minutes.
Ten minutes?
You live in New York City.
New power?
Ask your father about it.
Just a fishing expedition
that didn't amount
to anything, and it's over.
Can I get you something
to eat?
A bowl of cereal?
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(PHONE RlNGlNG)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE
ON PHONE)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
Val, before you
put that in,
the guy didn't tell us
he was diabetic.
Pete, I left you
three messages.
I'm so sorry, man.
I'm so sorry.
I've been slammed.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I need to talk to you.
Can it wait?
Five minutes.
So, what's up?
Whoa!
When did that
start happening?
Couple of days ago.
I'm like a Swiss Army Knife
of superpowers now.
It's a new power
every day.
I guess it runs
in the family.
NATHAN: Yeah. But there's
something else.
What?
I'm seeing things, Peter.
Memories. Images.
Memories, but they're
not my memories.
Not exactly.
l'll touch something and...
It's freaking me out.
I've read about this.
It's called psychometrics.
Has something to do
with seeing the history
of an object.
Where it's been,
what it's experienced.
So what I'm seeing,
it's real?
Possibly. I don't know.
Why? What are you seeing?
You remember
Kelly Houston?
Kelly Houston.
Before or after she ran away
and broke your heart?
I don't think
she ran away, Pete.
I really don't.
I touched my old baseball hat
and I got a flood of images
of her and me in a pool.
I know how all this
must sound.
She was dead
and there was
blood everywhere.
I don't know.
lfwhat I'm seeing is real,
then yeah.
What would you do?
I think you gotta
find the truth.
Go by the house.
I mean, her mother
still lives there, right?
Millie? Yeah.
Okay. You want me
to go with you?
(SIGHS)
No. It's my mess.
l'll clean it up.
Tell me the truth, Claire.
Why are you here?
You checking up
on the old man?
No. Can't a daughter
just drop in on her father
unannounced?
I worry about you.
Since Mom is gone
and the Company
is not around,
you just seem planless.
You always have a plan.
I'm fine.
That "fine" sounds
very unconvincing to me.
You're not fine.
You're living off of cereal
and Japanese take-out.
Well, that is a good point.
Tonight I ordered ltalian.
What about a job?
What about it?
Well, I know
it's a down economy
and all,
but I'm sure
there's something
you can do.
Well, my particular
skills aren't really
all that marketable.
That is not true.
You were middle-management
of Primatech Paper
for over 20 years.
During which time,
my skills consisted
of lying to my family,
breaking down doors,
bagging and tagging...
On the plus side,
you are a people person.
(LAUGHS)
Look. Oh!
Lumber salesman.
Minimum five years'
sales experience.
Ta-da!
You do know that
was a cover, right?
I never actually
sold anything.
Yes, but you don't
have to admit to that.
Okay. Say you're
at the interview,
and I'm the interviewer
and you're the interviewee.
Are we really...
(CLEARS THROAT)
Tell me, Mr. Bennet,
what do you think
your greatest strength
as a salesman is?
Well, if they won't
buy from me,
I can always
just shoot them.
Nathan Petrelli.
Millie.
Hi.
What are you doing here?
Reminiscing about Kelly.
I happened to be
in the neighborhood,
thought I'd stop by
and say hello.
That calls for a drink.
What can I get you?
Nothing.
I'm fine, thanks.
Sit down, Nathan.
Thanks.
Nobody ever talks to me
about Kelly.
Guess they figure
it's a sore subject.
Truth is,
I am made of sturdier stuff.
So?
l was just going through
some old things in my office
and I started thinking
about Kelly.
Just got to wondering
ifyou”.
If I'd heard from her?
Well, lwish I could
say that l have.
Wish I could say that all
this time she's been living
in the south of France.
That she became an artist.
That she has a daughter
named Francoise.
Do you ever wonder
if maybe she didn't
run away?
To be perfectly honest,
there was a time
when I thought
maybe you knew more
than you were saying.
After all, we were
away that weekend,
but you were in town,
Nathan.
And I knew that
you and Kelly had been
seeing each other.
I never told your mother,
but I hired
a private investigator.
Turns out,
you're in the clear.
Kelly, in fact,
used her credit card
to buy a one-way ticket
to London Heathrow,
where she claimed
her checked baggage.
And no one has
seen or heard
from her since.
You think it's possible
something else might
have happened, Millie?
Trust me.
I've been over this
ad nauseum.
Kelly was willful
and spiteful
and full of herself.
(LAUGHS)
Add to that,
me not being the most
attentive of mothers,
no wonder she ran off.
I've got a hair, nail
and body-sculpting thing
and I don't want to be late.
I understand.
So, you'll show
yourself out?
Of course.
Here you go.
Broke out
the good stuff.
(LAUGHS) I've already
had too much.
And my mom
would kill me
if she found out.
There's no way
she'll find out.
You're right.
You know,
my folks won't be back
until Monday.
Is that an invitation?
Do you want it to be?
I don't know.
You've been drinking.
I wouldn't want
to take advantage.
Don't be such a prude.
You want it, Nathan?
Come and get it.
Come on, Nathan.
You better give me that.
Come and get it.
Give me that.
(LAUGHS) No. Whoa!
No!
You wanted to see me?
Millie called.
Chardonnay.
She said you came to her
asking questions about Kelly.
Do you have any idea
what your trip
down memory lane
is doing to
that poor woman?
Thank you.
Kelly didn't disappear.
She died.
l was there.
What I want to know is why
I can't remember anything.
How would I know?
Because every time
there's a secret
buried some place
I find you with a shovel
behind your back.
You should write
Mother's Day cards.
I'm gonna get
to the bottom of this,
one way or the other.
So you can tell me or...
Fine. I took care of it.
And you don't need
to know the details.
You made sure
I wouldn't remember
anything, didn't you?
You were drunk and foolish.
So, yes, I took care of it.
All of it.
I had the Haitian
wipe your memory.
I disposed of her body.
I bought the plane ticket
to London...
It was an accident, Mom.
Well, it didn't look
like one, dear.
So what would you
have me do?
Her death would have
ruined your life.
I'm just waiting for the part
that makes any of this okay.
I made a choice
to protect my son.
You want to vilify me
for that, fine.
I've been vilified
for so much less,
but, please, Nathan,
don't destroy yourself
over this.
So, what?
You're gonna have
your old friend Millie
go on believing that
her daughter ran away
because she was
a bad mother?
Yes. Millie has made
her peace with this.
| suggest you do the same.
I'll be in touch.
MlLLlE: Did you
forget something?
There's something
I need to tell you, Millie.
And I'm not sure
how to do it.
You all right, Nathan?
Look, I can't tell you
how I know this
when I'm not really sure
I should.
What are you
talking about?
Justsayit
Kelly didn't run away.
She died.
And lwas there.
It was an accident.
And it was my fault.
She got on a plane.
There's no plane ticket.
She died, Millie.
And the whole thing
was covered up
by my family.
What kind of twisted,
pathetic game
are you playing?
I'm just trying to tell you
the truth, for once.
I think you should leave.
Please. Go.
I'm sorry.
So, you never answered
the question.
Greatest strength?
Greatest strength.
Well, lwould have to say
that above all else,
lam a company man.
You won't find anybody
more dedicated to his job
than me.
(SIGHS)
See? That's perfect.
What lumber company
wouldn't want to hire you?
Yep. I'm a real
people person.
What's the matter?
Oh. I don't know.
It's just, you know,
kind of sad when
you look back on your life
and you realize
it hasn't amounted
to much.
What are you
talking about?
Your whole life has been
about trying to help people.
Has it?
Because all | see is pain.
I shot them, cuffed them,
locked them up,
wiped their memories.
But I don't remember
actually helping anybody.
That's not true.
You've helped
plenty of people.
Name one.
Me.
Life changes.
We all change.
Sometimes
you have to remember
who you were
to figure out
who you want to be.
Why do I suddenly feel
like you're the parent
and I'm the kid?
(LAUGHS)
We'll take turns.
(LAUGHS) Yeah.
So, you don't really
want to sell lumber, huh?
Nope. Not at all.
(LAUGHS)
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(PHONE RlNGlNG)
(SIGHS)
Hiro.
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(SIGHS)
(KNOCK AT DOOR)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(lNAUDlBLE)
(BOTH CRYING)
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS)
Fancy meeting you here.
Am I that predictable?
You live upstairs.
How are you?
Okay.
So, what brings you
to my neighborhood?
I got my old job back
with Governor Malden.
Well, that was quick.
Good for you.
Let's celebrate.
I'll buy you a tuna roll.
Yeah. I'm not
really hungry.
So, why are you here?
I don't know.
You got your life back, Tracy,
and that's what you wanted.
Isn't it?
It just feels like
something's missing.
Something needs to change.
Well, you got a job
in government.
That's a good start.
Please. Malden isn't
about helping people.
Then quit.
I can't.
Do you know how many people
would kill for my position?
Life changes, Tracy.
We have to change with it.
Maybe you just can't
go home again.
Maybe you have to remember
who you were to figure out
who you want to be.
(SIGHS) I gotta go.
l have a dinner with Maiden
and I can't be late.
Thanks for the advice, though.
Any time.
(JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
(LAUGHS)
Oh. I can't tell you
how great it is to
have you back, Trace.
I missed you.
(LAUGHS) It's nice
to be missed.
Cosmo still your drink?
Mmm-hmm.
One Cosmo, please.
Look at us.
Just like old times.
(LAUGHS) Kind of.
This job,
I want it to be more.
I want to set agendas.
Help people who can't
help themselves.
(LAUGHS)
So much for small talk.
I want a job where
I'm making a real difference
in people's lives.
Trace, you don't
have to work so hard
to impress me.
We both know what
you bring to the table.
Tell you what,
why don't we skip dinner?
Let's go upstairs.
Make each other happy.
Just like old times.
Will you excuse me
for a moment?
Sure. Yeah.
But don't be long.
(GASPS)
Oh, my God.
(SNIFFLES)
There you go.
Is everything okay, baby?
No.
No. Everything's not okay.
I don't understand.
I wouldn't expect you to.
(SIGHS)
(DIALING NUMBER)
Hello. Yes, I'd like
to speak with someone
in the homicide division.
Yeah. I'll hold.
(SIGHS)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
I've been looking for you.
What's the matter?
You are thinking
about something.
Is it the new people
that Samuel's bringing
in to the family?
You think he'd be
bringing in more
if Joseph was alive?
I don't know.
It was his brother
and he has a right
to his revenge.
No matter what it means
for the rest of us?
I'll tell you
what it means.
I'm the one who's left
to make all the decisions
for this family.
I'm the one that decides
which direction we travel.
We were just talking,
is all.
Come with me.
It's time to find another.
(GRUNTS)
You know you can
tell me anything,
don't you?
Of course.
If anyone tells you
they're dissatisfied
with me.
If you're dissatisfied...
I'm not dissatisfied.
Good.
What are you doing?
Why are you showing him
to me?
I show you
what you need to see.
Why would I need
to see Bennet?
He retired.
He's no longer
interested in us.
He may have
changed his mind.
Nathan seemed
very confused.
Wanted to make sure
I heard his side
of the story.
It was upsetting,
to say the least.
Well, Nathan has
always been
overly theatrical.
You know, I'm sure
that's why he's drawn
to the spotlight of politics.
What exactly did he say?
lfeel so silly
telling you this.
No, please, he’s my son.
/ want to know.
He said that
Kelly was dead.
That he was with her
when she died.
(LAUGHS)
/ told him, "No.
"She bought a ticket,
got on a plane
and never looked back. "
Millie, lam so sorry
that he bothered you
with this.
Nathan...
Nathan just hasn't
been himself lately.
You know how much
I've always cared
for Nathan.
I apologize
for his behavior.
No one should have
to go through
that pain twice.
/ can honestly say,
I don’t care anymore.
ljust hope Kelly's happy.
I think that's about
as close to closure
as I'm ever going to get.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Would you excuse me
just one second?
Hello?
Package is delivered.
Wonderful.
Thank you so much.
Something important?
Not at all.
Good.
Where were we?
Closure.
Of course. To closure.
To closure.
(GASPS)